genetics what can it mean the ability to
perfect the physical and mental
characteristics of every unborn child in
the not-too-distant future our our DNA
will determine everything about us a
minut drop of blood saliva or a single
hair determines where you can work who
you should marry what you're capable of
achieving
[Music]
in a society where success is determined
by science
[Music]
/ the standards of perfection one man's
only chance how do you expect to pull
this off I don't know exactly is to hide
his own identity this is the last day
that you're gonna be you and I'm gonna
be me by borrowing someone else's
[Music]
congratulations what about the interview
that was it do you think you'd be doing
what you're doing if it wasn't for who
you are what you will have you feeling
you might be there under false pretenses
playing somebody else's hands they've
got my picture plastered up all over the
place you'll recognize me they'll
recognise me I don't recognize you
they won't believe that one of their
elite could have suckered them all this
time they are going to find me but in a
place where any Cell from any part of
your body can betray you how do you hide
when we all shed 500 million cells a day
ethan hawke uma thurman
welcome to Gattaca
you